what are you serious yeah I saw him in
the woods and he left an a message you
saw him leave a message he wrote
something on the back of car window what
car
what are you late
I see you how do you know I was in the
car whose car was it
you
Ezra Fitz mr. Fitz
Aria Hanna
miss mister says here we and mr. Fitz
you met him there
the call you got at the party that was
from him I couldn't tell I couldn't tell
anyone I promised as raw as Oh hold it
this is something that's been going on
you want a teacher I didn't just get
into his car last night how do you think
I am
how long have you been seen him
before school started oh my god since
the Labor Day
okay so you don't have a boyfriend and
ice no I did
I'm just not like that and you're saying
a teacher when I fixed you up with null
I got it fixed you up a small and why
did you get in his car last night
family um called me and oh don't look at
me like that
Oh
no it's just as much about like now
what exactly did you see
well I saw Aria go into a parked car and
then I saw someone in a black hoodie
fight something on the back of the car
window and when he turned around
it will snow
now it can't be null oh yeah I saw what
I saw and a tried to kill her for it
okay but I'm none of us saw who's
driving the car oh I thought someone was
paying tellers just let them in
No
I just heard about Tana that I try to
visit
she just fell asleep you're getting
ready to leave